





6.1.3

**This article was originaly published in 2017.06.23**


6.1.3 - June 23, 2017
=====================





This release of IBM UrbanCode Build contains enhancements and fixes to prior versions.



Product Enhancements
* – Dashboard and search pages UI performance improvements.
* – In addition to deactivating, user accounts can now be deleted if they have no history in the system.
* – Creating job steps page now uses full screen mode to provide more space and improved user experience.
* – New functionality in Urbancode Build Client for managing teams, users, roles and assigning labels, statuses and build links to build lives.
* – Support LDAP Authorization with SSO Authentication.
* – Improved performance of processing messages that are received by the server from the agents and avoid message duplication.
* – Record the last login date of user accounts in database.
* – Plug-ins can now be restored to previous versions and are automatically backed-up with each upgrade/downgrade.
* – Updates incorporated to avoid intermittent failures when uploading artifacts from Urbancode Build to Urbancode Deploy.





Plug-in Enhancements
 New plug-ins provide the ability to:


* – Working with Artifactory repositories. This includes downloading/uploading artifacts and adding build information.
* – Execute NPM commands such as init, install, uninstall, update, config and publish.
* – Run Cucumber tests.


 Updated plug-ins:


* – JIRA plugin has been updated to support JIRA 7.0+. **Note**: JIRA’s SOAP API is no longer supported.
* – Git plugin has been updated to support resolving property values for the base URL.







