





6.2.6.0

**This article was originaly published in 2017.09.26**


6.2.6.0 - September 26th, 2017
==============================




Enforce Snapshots
-----------------


Users can now enforce the use of snapshots for deployments into environments, preventing deployments without a snapshot.


View Role Mappings Across Teams
-------------------------------


Users can now identify how a user obtained certain permissions, either by being granted permissions directly, or by being associated to a group/team.


Agent Usage Tracking
--------------------


Added support for tracking a “high-water mark” of agent usage


Advanced management of audit records
------------------------------------


Audit entries can be written to file for long term storage and automatically cleaned periodically


Cloud BluePrint Designer Enhancements
-------------------------------------


**Azure**  

 -Designer support for the creation of networks, VM extensions, storage volumes, security groups.   

 -Heat resource types to create Azure load balancers, VM extensions, availability sets, virtual network peering, and more.


**SoftLayer**  

 -Support for ordering SoftLayer block storage from a blueprint.


**AWS**  

 -Support for Aurora RDS, Application Load Balancers, and Elastic File System (EFS for HEAT templates).  

 -Upgraded to latest version of AWS API (boto3)


**Terraform**  

 -Initial support for creation of Terraform documents in the blueprint designer.  

 -Numerous enhancements to the Terraform extensions (provider, provisioner) for IBM UrbanCode Deploy.






