





1.4.2

**This article was originaly published in 2019.12.30**


1.4.2
=====




Starting with the March 1, 2019 release, UrbanCode Velocity is using semantic versioning for product releases. The semantic versioning contains a three-part version number: major version, minor version, and patch. At any given time, only the latest two releases are available. Always download the latest version. For download information, see the **Getting Started** tab.

Key Features in 1.4.2
---------------------



### Email Notifications


Notify the user in the header of the remaining days in the Trial. New properties are now available such as: `${release.name}`, `${deployment.startTime}`, `${deployment.status}`, `${deployment.versions}`, and `${deployment.task}`.




### Community and Trial Edition Updates


Notify the user in the header of the remaining days in the Trial.




### Various Bug Fixes


Properties are now considered optional when configuring a Jenkins Job. The Default value defined in Jenkins will be ignored.



Key Features in 1.4.1
---------------------



### Various Bug Fixes


 Remove stale, lingering sessions from the database.



Key Features in 1.4.0
---------------------


The following enhancements are included in each release. In addition to various bug fixes.
### New Community Edition


In UrbanCode Velocity v1.4.0, we have reimagined our Community Edition. Now, the IBM UrbanCode Velocity Community Edition is combined into the primary install to create a simplified experience. Instead of being limited to the UrbanCode Deploy Audit Reports, the Community Edition opens the entire product, limited to two users, for free.

**Note:** This Community Edition version replaces the original Community Edition. The older version is no longer supported. You must migrate to the new version.






