





6.0.1

**This article was originaly published in 2013.11.27**


6.0.1 - November 27, 2013
=========================





Version 6.0.1 of IBM UrbanCode Release introduces a federated release dashboard, and new visualizations around impact analysis and the delivery pipeline.
Release Impact Analysis
Release Managers constantly struggle with interconnected applications and the threat that when some applications miss the window, others will have to be held back. The idea of the new view is to visualize the relationship between:




* Changes (bug fixes, new features, etc)
* Development Initiatives (projects, epics, etc)
* Applications in a Release





In this view, we can see the Applications in the small Release as the rows, and the development initiatives as the columns. The number of changes associated with their combination is shown along with a color code indication of how done the features are.






At a glance, we can see that no Initiatives span multiple applications. So if any Applications have to drop out of the release, the others should be relatively safe. If other Applications were participating in Initiative 1 or 4, the amount of in progress work would be worrisome. This new impact analysis view is available from the Release overview screen.






Release Pipeline View

The Release Pipeline View in IBM UrbanCode Release 6.0.1 provides a visual representation of the entire release and includes, the phases, environments associated, the applications and their versions.




  


In the Release Pipeline View, you can:

* View a previously scheduled deployment to see if it passed or failed as well as view details into the applications, the application’s versions, the applications’ status, and any gates associated with that version.
* View the next scheduled application deployment and its status
* Compare multiple versions of applications based on component names, version number, and status of the application.
* Create a snapshot (release version) of the desired inventory for the set of applications and their versions in the release. You can schedule the deployment of this release version to subsequent environments.






Federated Release Dashboard

When enterprise releases require tracking several division or team level releases, the new federated release dashboard makes it easy to see what is happening across the enterprise release. Who is on track? Which groups need help?









