





7.1.0.3.ifix01

**This article was originaly published in 2021.01.19**


7.1.0.3.iFix01
==============




This release replaces the Urbancode Deploy version 7.1.0.3 release. It includes all updates made in the 7.1.0.3 release. Version 7.1.0.3 has been removed and not available to download. If you have installed version 7.1.0.3, install this iFix to prevent potential problems.

The following updates and enhancements are included.
7.1.0.3 iFix01
--------------


No new features are included in this release. This ifix addresses multiple issues with tables based on resource tree information.
7.1.0.3
-------



Approval notification update
Notification email updated to contain a listing of component versions.
Agent Relay improvement
Configuration information for Agent Relays using web communication to the server has been updated to contain information relevant to a web connection.
User interface updates
Selecting exempt processes for process approval updated to allow selection of multiple exempt processes instead of just one.
On the Groups page, groups can now be filtered by authorization realm.
Environment property process updates
When creating environment using an Environment Template, the environment is created even if required properties are not specified. Required properties an be added to the environment using the command line interface (CLI).
Generic process request history
CLI endpoint created that provides generic process request history. The first 100 generic process requests are provided.
Security improvements
Password requirements are displayed when creating a password.

Command line interface (CLI) improvements

The following commands have been added:
* Remove a user or group from a team
* Synchronize LDAP users with the LDAP authentication realm
* Pause and resume a workflow.
* Exempt a process from an approval requirement
* Verify user roles when using REST call to add a status to snapshot
* Remove a user or group from a team
* Synchronize LDAP users with the LDAP authentication realm


Software updates

This release of UrbanCode Release includes support for upgrading to the following:
* Tomcat 8.5.57
* Jetty 9.4.30






