





6.2.7.0.ifix01

**This article was originaly published in 2017.12.19**


6.2.7.0.ifix01 - December 19th, 2017
====================================




### Secured Authentication Tokens


Users can restrict the authentication tokens used by process steps so that only tokens with the minimum permissions needed to accomplish the step are created. Also, authentication tokens are now encrypted in storage, and existing tokens can be updated to the new encryption standard.
### Increased Detail in Audit Logging


The audit log now specifies whether the user used an authentication token to log in and more detail about the security settings that were changed.
### Additional Permissions Added


Specific permissions have been added to upgrade and delete agents, delete agent relays, and edit post processing scripts.
### Optional Manual Task Notifications


Choose notification options for manual tasks including no notification. You can restrict approvals for manual task to the person who started the deployment.
### Full z/OS Component Versions


Components using z/OS now have the option to use full or incremental versions.
### Terraform


Greater support for creating Terraform documents in the blueprint designer. The blueprint designer now combines different provider syntaxes into one, unified graphical representation.

Enhancements to the Terraform extensions (provider, provisioner) for IBM UrbanCode Deploy.
### Plug-ins Atom Feed


Stay up-to-date on all new plug-in releases by following the [UrbanCode Plug-ins Atom feed](https://public.dhe.ibm.com/software/products/UrbanCode/plugins/uc-plugins-atom-feed.xml). Subscribe using your favorite RSS/Atom feed reader.




