





1.2.1

**This article was originaly published in 2019.06.18**


1.2.1 - June 18, 2019
=====================




Starting with the March 1, 2019 release, UrbanCode Velocity is using semantic versioning for product releases. The semantic versioning contains a three-part version number: major version, minor version, and patch. At any given time, only the latest two releases are available. Always download the latest version. For download information, see the [Getting Started](#getting-started) page.

The following enhancements are included in each release. In addition to various bug fixes.



---


Key Features in 1.2.1
---------------------


A new plug-in frame work allows UrbanCode Velocity plug-ins to be dynamically loaded in a container.
Key Features in 1.2.0
---------------------


Development teams and DevOps transformation leaders can now visualize work moving through their value stream in real-time so that they can work to eliminate bottlenecks, reduce wait times to gain speed without compromising quality.

IBM UrbanCode Velocity integrates with many tracking, source control management, build, and test tools such as Jira, GitHub, BitBucket and SonarQube.

IBM UrbanCode Velocity’s Value Stream Visualization is built on the idea of configuration as code, which allows a user to customize their workflow using UrbanCode’s DevOps query language. This enables Velocity’s VSVl to mold,model and reuse pipelines, processes, and methodologies.

Beyond Value Stream Visualization, IBM UrbanCode Velocity 1.2.0 contains bug fixes and enhancements to existing Pipeline, Releases, and Reporting components such as improved integration with IBM UrbanCode Deploy and auto-promotion in IBM UrbanCode Velocity.




