





6.2.3

**This article was originaly published in 2016.12.20**


6.2.3 - December 20, 2016
=========================




IBM® UrbanCode™ Deploy 6.2.3 is a maintenance release and includes various bug fixes and performance enhancements. This release is recommended for all customers.





New Getting Started wizard
--------------------------


A new wizard is available to assist with the basic concepts of deployment automation and how to implement a deployment within approximately 30 minutes. The new Automation Engineer role is available with all the appropriate permissions needed to use the wizard.


The wizard is immediately available for new installations. If performing an upgrade, you must add the following name/value pair to the `installed.properties` file on the server for the wizard to be available:  

`server.enable.welcome.tab=true`


New filters available for the Deployment Detail Report
------------------------------------------------------


You can select a specific component or component version when creating a Deployment Detail Report.


Admin Auth token no longer used for automated tasks
---------------------------------------------------


You no longer need to use Admin Auth tokens for the version import, auto discovery or autoconfigure tasks. Removing this requirement eliminates the need for these tokens which have been replaced by three new default roles and users instead of the Admin Auth token.


Plug-in updates
---------------


The Docker plug-ins provide a streamline deployment and management of containerized applications. Three new templates are available with the plug-ins to define a consistent deployment process for each application environment. 


Tomcat upgrade
--------------


In this version, the internal Apache Tomcat server has been upgraded to version 8.5.8 for improved security.










