





1.4.3

**This article was originaly published in 2020.01.10**


1.4.3
=====




Starting with the March 1, 2019 release, UrbanCode Velocity is using semantic versioning for product releases. The semantic versioning contains a three-part version number: major version, minor version, and patch. At any given time, only the latest two releases are available. Always download the latest version. For download information, see the **Getting Started** tab.
**Note:** UrbanCode Deploy v7+ users, please review the release note titled "UrbanCode Deploy Integration Creating Large Audit Database Entries" in the v1.4.3 release.

Key Features in 1.4.3
---------------------


### UrbanCode Deploy Integration Creating Large Audit Database Entries


APAR PI99803 identified a significant performance issue where the UrbanCode Deploy Integration was creating a large amount of login requests when gathering deployment information. If using UrbanCode Deploy v7.0.0.0 or greater, it is highly recommended that you contact the L2 support team to obtain a performance related patch.
### Last Sync Integration Notification


Resolved issue where the Integration's last sync was not updating properly.
Key Features in 1.4.2
---------------------


### Email Notifications


Notify the user in the header of the remaining days in the Trial. New properties are now available such as: `${release.name}`, `${deployment.startTime}`, `${deployment.status}`, `${deployment.versions}`, and `${deployment.task}`.
### Community and Trial Edition Updates


Notify the user in the header of the remaining days in the Trial.
### Various Bug Fixes


Properties are now considered optional when configuring a Jenkins Job. The Default value defined in Jenkins will be ignored.
Key Features in 1.4.1
---------------------


### Various Bug Fixes


Remove stale, lingering sessions from the database.
Key Features in 1.4.0
---------------------


The following enhancements are included in each release. In addition to various bug fixes.
### New Community Edition


In UrbanCode Velocity v1.4.0, we have reimagined our Community Edition. Now, the IBM UrbanCode Velocity Community Edition is combined into the primary install to create a simplified experience. Instead of being limited to the UrbanCode Deploy Audit Reports, the Community Edition opens the entire product, limited to two users, for free.

**Note:** This Community Edition version replaces the original Community Edition. The older version is no longer supported. You must migrate to the new version.






