





2.1.1

**This article was originaly published in 2020.10.19**


2.1.1
=====




The following enhancements are included in each release. In addition to various bug fixes.
**Key Features and Enhancements in 2.1.1**
------------------------------------------



Value stream updates
Long value stream names now wrap in table on **All Value Streams** tab when displayed in **View list** layout.
On **Value stream** tab under Legend, sprints are now displayed with the current sprint first followed by the previous four sprints.
When creating a new value stream and an integration using a VSM JSON file that defines a single integration and an associated link rule, the JSON file is accepted and the corresponding link rule between the two integrations is created.
Improved DLQ validation
The DQL queries containing double equal signs (==) are identified during validation, preventing the uploading of an incorrect VSM file.
Bug fixes

* Fixed inaccurate display of Dashboards bar chart representations for a single run or multiple runs in a single day.
* Corrected issue of the Pipeline page not loading when navigating to the **Value stream** tab and then quickly switching to the Pipeline tab while the value stream is still loading.
* For a Jenkins version that has been successfully deployed to an environment, repeat deployments are eliminated when there are numerous applications in the pipeline. **None** is displayed for the selected version instead of the same version available for a repeat deployment.
* Issue with pull request (PR) history loss for an issue in the VSM has been fixed to link and access any PR historical data attached to the item.








