





1.0.5

**This article was originaly published in 2018.10.02**


1.0.5 - October 2, 2018
=======================




This release includes the following product features.

* Trial version
	+ Install and use all features of UrbanCode Velocity for sixty days before purchasing a permanent license.The trial version is available to download free. You’ll need to complete a user registration form to obtain an access key. [Fill out this form](https://www.uc-velocity.com/) to register and request an access key. After you have the access key, read the [Installation roadmap](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCKX6_1.0.0/com.ibm.insights.doc/topics/c_install_roadmap.html) topic to determine software requirements and learn about the installation process.
* Roles and permissions
	+ Assign roles to users and groups to set boundaries on the release tasks that they can perform. The following roles are available.
		- Viewer – View release pipelines and releases. By default, all users have view access.
		- Lead Developer – Create pipelines, assigns pipeline access to team members, and configure applications, environments, and approvals. Run deployments on available configured pipelines.
		- Developer – Run deployments on available configured pipelines.
		- Lead Release Manager – Manage release templates, approvals, and calendar settings. Assigns members to teams. Schedule and run releases and events.
		- Release Manager – Schedule releases, and run releases and calendar events using pre-defined templates.
		- Release Participant – Create new tasks and run assigned tasks.
		- Team Administrator – Add team members and change permissions for users to teams the team administrator is a member. The team administrator cannot change their permission. Changes to the team administrator’s permissions are done by the product administrator.
		- Product Administrator – Configure LDAP, SMTP and other integrations, and modify membership and permissions for all teams.
* Join a pipeline to a release
	+ Join the execution of a pipeline stage to an existing release. On the pipeline page, you can select the **Join Release** option to create a new run of the stage and attach it to a scheduled release. As part of the option you can select which release to join and preview which versions are included in the deployment.








