





2.5

**This article was originaly published in 2021.11.03**


2.5
===




This release of IBM UrbanCode Velocity is a maintenance release and includes bug fixes. This release is recommended for all customers.
#### Insights update


On the **Insights** page, when you click the **Reports** tab, available reports include the following:
* **Pipeline snapshot**
* **Deployment audit**
* **Deployment duration** (Beta)


#### Release deployment plans


Optimized deployment rendering for improved performance including memory, CPU, and utilization of user sessions.
#### Installations and upgrades


For installations and upgrades of OpenShift and Kubernetes, at the **Choose the platform** prompt, you are presented with `Kubernetes or OpenShift (Using Helm)` as the platform. You can currently install IBM UrbanCode Velocity using service templates and the process should yield successful results without encountering any issues.

Note: Starting with future versions, installations of IBM UrbanCode Velocity as an OpenShift application using service templates will be deprecated and you should prepare migration to using Helm charts. If you are planning to migrate to using Helm charts, create a support ticket [here](https://www.ibm.com/mysupport/s/?language=en_US) and we will help you with the transition process. Otherwise, check upcoming release notes for more details when more information is available.
#### New roles and global scope


When you click **Settings > Authorization > Roles**, roles capabilities are expanded including the following features:
* Addition of new roles.
* Security for **Value streams**, **Insights**, and **Settings.**
* Assign roles and manage global roles.


#### Help


For the **Help** icon:
* When you click the question mark help icon, you can select either of the following items:
	+ **Documentation**
	+ **Getting started**
		- Redesigned the **Getting started** page.
		- Upon initial login, all users including admin are directed to the **Getting started** page.
	+ **Support portal**
	+ **Ideas portal**
	+ **Plugins**
	+ **About**
* Changed the **Help** icon to the **?** icon.


#### Settings


The **Settings** icon turns yellow for either or both of the following conditions:
* User authentication is not configured.
* Integrations are not installed.


 




