





6.1.1.2

**This article was originaly published in 2015.02.20**


6.1.1.2 - February 20, 2015
===========================





***Beta*** 
Discover, Compare, and Apply Middleware Configuration
-----------------------------------------------------


Using the new WAS Configuration plugin, configuration of a WebSphere Application Server cell can be imported into the resource tree. Once the configuration has been discovered, users can create or modify objects or apply a template to create standardized configuration. Configuration in the resource tree can also be compared with live configuration in WAS and applied back to the WAS instance to update the live configuration.



**Getting Started:** Install an agent on a machine running the WAS Deployment Manager, then add that agent to the resource tree. The running WAS instance should be discovered and added as a child resource automatically. Edit this new resource and fill in values for any required properties, then save and use the “Configure using WebSphere Configuration Discovery” action on it to populate it with all available configuration from WAS. Use the “Compare using WebSphere Configuration Discovery” action on resources to show a comparison of the configuration in the resource tree with the live configuration in WAS. The “Apply using WebSphere Configuration Discovery” action will update the live configuration of WAS according to the configuration in the resource tree.





***Beta***
Resource Templates for Middleware Configuration
-----------------------------------------------


Configuration in the resource tree representing a WebSphere Application Server cell can now be copied into a resource template and applied to other parts of the resource tree to standardize cell configuration. Templates can be created from and applied to any level of the resource tree, allowing them to represent configuration for cells, clusters, individual nodes, or any other WebSphere objects. These templates can also be parameterized. On applying a template, the user will be prompted for any properties defined on the template. The properties can be referenced by resources inside the template, where the value given by the user will be inserted as the new value for resources created based on the template.



**Getting Started:** Using previously discovered configuration from a WebSphere Deployment Manager, find a resource to use as the basis for a new template and use the “Define New Template” action on it. This will create a global resource template with a copy of the source resource’s configuration. Use the Property Definitions pane on the configuration of the template to define new properties which users will enter when applying the template to a resource. Edit resources in the template or convert them to prototype resources to make the template more flexible.








