





2.1.0

**This article was originaly published in 2020.10.01**


2.1.0
=====




The following enhancements are included in each release. In addition to various bug fixes.
**Key Features and Enhancements in 2.1.0**
------------------------------------------



Forward proxy support
Forward proxy communication with IBM UrbanCode Deploy is now supported. While a reverse proxy is not fully supported a fallback mechanism is in place. The fallback mechanism eliminates the need for callbacks from IBM UrbanCode Deploy. This allows for a more robust communications with IBM UrbanCode Deploy.

Required software updates
The Jenkins UrbanCode Velocity plug-in is now prerequisite and must be installed. The allows for running Jenkins jobs as a part of a deployment plan in UrbanCode Velocity. Version 2.1.0 of the plug-in is required. For more information about the plugin, see the [Jenkins](https://plugins.jenkins.io/urbancode-velocity/) website.

Metrics updated
 Add Distribution metric to Insights, metrics bar, and VSM table 

Auto-promotion enhancements
Support added for automatic promotion of builds and deployments to the next pipeline environment provided that environment gates and requirements are met. If requirements are not met, the gate fails and is not automatically promoted. A manual deployment is still possible with the right user permissions.

### Bug fixes


* Fix to correctly display **Group by: Week** data in a chart.


For a list of included APARs, click the **Release Notes** tab.







