





2.4.3

**This article was originaly published in 2021.07.26**


2.4.3
=====




The following key features, enhancements, and bug fixes are included in this release. This release is recommended for all customers.
#### Value stream update


Added `pr.approvals.count` to query the number of approvals on a pull request to the DQL.
#### Pipeline update


On the **Pipeline** page, the manual deployment functionality is available in the auto-promotion environment.
#### Release update


On the **Releases** page, when you click a **NAME**, click a **Plan**, click the **Create task button**, in the **Type** drop-down select **Delayed**, in the **Delay type** drop-down select **Delay by selecting a number of minutes,** and in the **Minutes** field, you can enter the number of minutes between tasks.
#### IBM CloudPak


IBM CloudPak version 2.4.2 is released.
#### IBM UrbanCode Velocity login


On the IBM UrbanCode Velocity login page after an unsuccessful login attempt with error message displayed, the next attempt clears the message with a loading spinner and displays again if unsuccessful.
#### User Access Key Management table timestamps


When you click **Settings > User Authorization > User Access Keys** and hover either the **Created** or **Last Used** fields, a tooltip with a precise timestamp is displayed. The timestamp will not display when you hover over **Not used**. An example timestamp is `Monday, February 15th 2010, 3:25:50 pm` displayed in the tooltip.

 

 

 

 

 




