





6.2.1

**This article was originaly published in 2016.02.25**


6.2.1 - February 25, 2016
=========================





Agent to Agent Relay Topology View
----------------------------------



The new Agent Relays view shows the relationship between agents and the relays
that they use. This view shows each relay's connectivity status and the number
of agents that use the relay. It also shows the status of the agents that use
the relay, including the last time each agent contacted the relay and their
individual connectivity status.





Application Template Improvements
---------------------------------


* Sleek redesign of the application template wizard's environments page makes adding environments to an application template easier than ever
* A centralized tool administrator now has complete control over adding environments to an application template, being able to create as many environments from each environment template as desired
* Additional support for operational processes as part of an application template




Getting Started Page
--------------------



Getting oriented with UrbanCode Deploy is easier than ever, thanks to the new
Getting Started page that a user sees the first time they log in. The page
provides helpful links to IBM's extensive supply of tutorials, instructional
videos, FAQs, and documentation. In addition, system administrators can opt
to change these links to point to other resources they deem more appropriate
to their particular configuration.





Azure Support for the Blueprint Designer
----------------------------------------



If you use the blueprint designer, you can now provision blueprints to Microsoft ® Azure clouds. You can register and provision any Linux images that are configured with `cloud-init` that are in the Azure marketplace. See [Connecting to Microsoft Azure](http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS4GSP_6.2.1/com.ibm.edt.doc/topics/cloud_connect_azure.html).





PostgreSQL Support for the Blueprint Designer
---------------------------------------------



If you are starting out with the blueprint design server, you can install a PostgreSQL database to use with it. See [Installing a PostgreSQL database for the blueprint design server](http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS4GSP_6.2.1/com.ibm.udeploy.install.doc/topics/install_database_postgresql_bds.html).





Apply Changes to Provisioned Environments from the Blueprint Designer
---------------------------------------------------------------------



After you provision a blueprint, you can apply many changes to the running environments, including adding or removing components to an image, adding images to a network, and deleting images or components. See [Applying changes to a provisioned environment](http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS4GSP_6.2.1/com.ibm.edt.doc/topics/blueprint_apply.html).





Referenced Resources for the Blueprint Designer
-----------------------------------------------



By using referenced resources you can create one blueprint that you can provision to multiple clouds or environments. You can create referenced resources for the images, networks, routers, storage volumes, security groups, and components that you use in your blueprints. The referenced resources are generic when you add them to a blueprint, and you specify the details when you provision them to a cloud. See [Modeling environments with reference resources](http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS4GSP_6.2.1/com.ibm.edt.doc/topics/blueprint_ref_resources.html).





Customizing Timeouts for the Blueprint Designer
-----------------------------------------------



If you run into timeout errors, now you can set timeouts to allow more time for the IBM UrbanCode Deploy server or SoftLayer cloud to respond. See [Creating a IBM UrbanCode Deploy timeout configuration file](http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS4GSP_6.2.1/com.ibm.udeploy.doc/topics/timeout_config.html) and [Configuring the SoftLayer timeout value](http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS4GSP_6.2.1/com.ibm.edt.doc/topics/softlayer_timeout.html).





Chef Validator Key for the Blueprint Designer
---------------------------------------------



If you provision blueprints that contain Chef roles from the blueprint designer, the blueprint design server passes the Chef validator key to your Chef server. You no longer need to host the validator key at a separate URL. After you upgrade your blueprint design server, you can modify your blueprints to use the new validator key handling. See [Modifying blueprints to access the Chef validator key in version 6.2.1 and later](http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS4GSP_6.2.1/com.ibm.edt.doc/topics/chef_validator.html).





New Plug-in Versions
--------------------



Many new versions of plug-ins are available, including plug-ins for the following products and applications: Cognos, Siebel, Informatica, IBM Security AppScan Enterprise, IBM Aspera, IBM BigFix, IBM MQ, IBM InfoSphere DataStage, and Docker Compose. For information on the latest versions of all IBM UrbanCode Deploy plug-ins, see the [Plug-ins page on Developer Center](https://urbancode.github.io/IBM-UCx-PLUGIN-DOCS/UCD).








