





2.2.1

**This article was originaly published in 2021.01.14**


2.2.1
=====




This release of IBM UrbanCode Velocity is a maintenance release and includes various bug fixes and enhancements. This release is recommended for all customers.
Key Features and Enhancements
-----------------------------



Documentation improvement
Documentation for several Insight metric as been updated for clarity. See [Insights metric chart reference](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSCKX6_2.1.x/com.ibm.uvelocity.doc/topics/port_interpretdata.html).



Software updates

* RabbitMQ upgraded to version 3.8.9
* Nginx upgraded to version 1.19



Bug fixes

* All associated applications are deleted when deleting a pipeline.
* When deleting an integration, a confirmation dialogue is displayed before the deletion is completed.
* The The pre-install.yaml file has been renamed to pre-install-for-cluster.yml.
* When copying a release all templates are copied.
* When installing on OpenShift version 4.4 and later, the OpenShift templates no longer need to be manually modified prior to installation.
* Performance improvements made for faster loading of the Home page.
* Selecting versions for a deployment template displays its own values versus those of a previously selected version.
* LDAP connections timing out corrected with added reconnect setting to the client.
* Permission needed to create cluster resources and to create resources at the namespace level permission is needed at the namespace level.




**Note:** Red Hat dropped support for OpenShift version 4.3 in December 2020. Beginning with this release, it is no longer supported in UrbanCode Velocity.




