





6.1.0.1

**This article was originaly published in 2014.07.22**


6.1.0.1 - July 22, 2014
=======================




This release of IBM UrbanCode Release is a maintenance release containing bug fixes. This release is recommended for all customers.

Tomcat Security Updates
-----------------------


The Tomcat 7 container provided by the installation manager has been upgraded to solve security issues.




IBM UrbanCode Deploy Integration Fixes
--------------------------------------


Users using the Release plugin will no longer sometimes create duplicate objects from the integration.




DB2 Fixes
---------


Users with a DB2 database can now view a deployment plan, add automated tasks, manually create applications, and receive automatic updates to automated task statuses.




Environment Reservation Improvements
------------------------------------


Environment reservation now shows conflicts for release environments with no application environments.




Delete Lifecycles
-----------------


Lifecycles not used by any release can now be deleted.




Can Change Deployment End Time
------------------------------


Users can now edit the end time of a deployment while the deployment is in progress.




Experimental Features
=====================


The following features are experimental, and are available only if a special product configuration is enabled. They are offered for testing and feedback, without support, and are not guaranteed to continue in any form in a future release. Please consider enabling these features in a testing environment and provide feedback via the developerWorks Q&A forum.




{Experimental} Can Use Pipeline with Unintegrated Applications
--------------------------------------------------------------


The pipeline view now works with applications and versions that did not come from an IBM UrbanCode Deploy integration.


To enable this feature for testing, add this line to the server.properties file in the UrbanCode Release product configuration directory:


feature.manual.application.inventory=yes







