





6.2.4

**This article was originaly published in 2017.03.21**


6.2.4 - March 21, 2017
======================




IBM® UrbanCode™ Deploy 6.2.4 is a maintenance release and includes various bug fixes and performance enhancements. This release is recommended for all customers.


Advanced Deployment Scenarios
-----------------------------


You can now specify how many servers to deploy to at a time within an environment, providing better control of changes across servers. Also, deployment processes can now run against specific (and multiple) tags, reducing process creation overhead, and greatly simplifying Blue/Green, Dark/Light, and other advanced deployment scenarios. See more info in a [blog](https://developer.ibm.com/urbancode/2017/03/15/bluegreen/) on this topic.


Provision environments to Google Cloud Platform
-----------------------------------------------


You can now provision environments to Google Cloud Platform from the blueprint designer. See [Connecting to Google Cloud Platform](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS4GSP_6.2.4/com.ibm.edt.doc/topics/cloud_connect_google_cloud.html).


Use VMware Tools to manage images
---------------------------------


If you provision environments to VMware vCenter, you now use VMware Tools and customization specs to manage image provisioning. You should create new images to use with the blueprint designer. See [Configuring VMware vCenter images](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS4GSP_6.2.4/com.ibm.edt.doc/topics/cloud_connect_vmware_images.html).


User Administration Enhancements
--------------------------------


Admins can now view the last login time for users to determine which users need to be removed from the system. Also, confirmation is now required before users can be removed from groups and roles.


Administrator Control over Copy to Codestation Setting
------------------------------------------------------


The default setting for whether artifacts should be copied to codestation can now be set on the settings tab for newly created components.






