





6.0.1.3

**This article was originaly published in 2014.02.24**


6.0.1.3 - February 24, 2014
===========================




This release of IBM UrbanCode Release is a maintenance release containing bug fixes and a few minor enhancements. This release is recommended for all customers.

Performance Improvements
------------------------


Performance has been improved on the Deployment Plans tab of the Releases section, for selecting Releases in drop-down menus throughout the app, and for selecting Versions for a Scheduled Deployment.




JIRA Integration Improvements
-----------------------------


Logging for the JIRA integration has been improved with additional detail, and a connection test button has been added.


Release Summary
---------------

  
* Recommended fixes for UrbanCode Release 6.0.1.2
* Performance Improvements
* JIRA Integration Improvements

Release Notes
-------------

  
For information on documentation and support resources, software and hardware requirements and installation steps, see the [Getting Started](http://developer.ibm.com/urbancode/products/urbancode-release/whats-new/whats-new-in-urbancode-release-6-0-1-3/#getting-started) page.

This release has been superseded. We recommend installing the latest fix pack to ensure you have all known fixes.

 

 Behavioral ChangesThere are no known behavioral changes.

 

 Fixes in this ReleaseA cumulative list of fixes in this release, and any future fix packs can be found [in this document](http://www-01.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=swg27039116).



|  |  |
| --- | --- |
| APAR | Description |
|  | When integrated with UrbanCode Deploy 6.0.1.1 or later, the pipeline view may fail to display current installed versions for all environments. |
|  | When using an Oracle database, cannot create a Milestone Sequence with an empty description. |
|  | The first deployment from a Recurring Rule would not correctly select versions with the Auto-select Versions option. |
|  | Empty segments are not being imported and exported in CSV files. |
| PI12193 | LIST OF RELEASES TAKES A LONG TIME TO LOAD |
| PI12024 | SNAPSHOTS(VERSION) DROP DOWNS TAKES A LONG TIME TO LOAD |

  


 Known Problems and Workarounds**Known issue:** An Automated task started from a Scheduled Deployment in IBM UrbanCode Release will fail before the first Deployment Process  step in IBM UrbanCode Deploy.

The error displayed in IBM UrbanCode Deploy is:  
 ***The following properties were left unresolved: ${p:finalStatus}, ${p:finalStatus}, ${p:finalStatus}, ${p:finalStatus****}.****Please ensure their values have been given and that the property names are spelled* correctly.** [More details on how to deal with that issue here.](http://developer.ibm.com/urbancode/docs/issue-solved-unresolved-pfinalstatus-starting-automated-task-ibm-urbancode-release/ "Issue solved: “unresolved: ${p:finalStatus}” when starting an Automated Task from IBM UrbanCode Release.") 

 

To search for additional post-release issues that IBM Rational Support documented, visit the [IBM Support portal.](https://www-947.ibm.com/support/entry/myportal/support?brandind=Rational)

Getting Started
---------------

  

Plan & Prepare
For fixes contained in this release, and any known issues, review the [release notes](http://developer.ibm.com/urbancode/products/urbancode-release/whats-new/whats-new-in-urbancode-release-6-0-1-3/#release-notes).

For supported platforms and requirements, see the [system requirements](http://www-01.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=swg27039115).

To get started quickly to try the software, IBM UrbanCode Release is shipped with an Apache Derby database. Apache Derby deployments are not supported for production environments. As you plan your production topology, review the [installation guide](http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/ucrel/v6r0m1/topic/com.ibm.urelease.doc/topics/install_ch.html)

  




