





6.1.1.6

**This article was originaly published in 2015.05.28**


6.1.1.6 - May 28, 2015
======================




This release of IBM UrbanCode Release is a maintenance release containing new security permissions

Scheduled Deployment Locking
----------------------------


Deployments can now be locked and unlocked. Users cannot create, edit, delete, or move segments or tasks in a locked deployment. A locked deployment can still be started and tasks and segments in a locked deployment can still be edited.




New Permissions
---------------


There are 3 new security permissions.


* “Edit Deployment Plans” allows a user to create and modify segments and tasks within a deployment plan.
* “Execute Deployments” allows a user to start deployments and segments as well as execute manual tasks. Any user can still comment on tasks.
* “Lock Deployments” allows a user to lock and unlock deployments.




Automated Tasks have Descriptions
---------------------------------


You can now add a description to automated tasks that will be sent to UCD.




Filter Applications on the Release Page
---------------------------------------


When adding applications to a release, the dropdown is filtered to only show applications on the same team as the release. This means the list will be shorter for users on multiple teams.




Can “Select All” and “Unselect All” Environments on a Task
----------------------------------------------------------


There are now links on a task to allow users to quickly select or unselect all environments for that task.







